                      MCG Output Exception
                      Version 1, 6 NOV 2021
					  
Copyright (C) 2021 Kamil DeÄ‡ github.com/deckamil
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this
license document, but changing it is not allowed.

This MCG Output Exception is an additional permission under section 7 of
the GNU General Public License, version 3 (GPLv3). It applies to any
output generated with the Mod Code Generator (MCG) program.
						   
1. Introduction

In general, if the user uses some program to enter or convert own data,
the copyright on the output belongs to the user. More generally, when a
program translates its input into some other form, the copyright status of
the output inherits that of the input it was generated from.

However, some programs may copy parts of themselves into the output for
technical reasons. If substantial parts of the output are copied from
program's text, then usually in such cases the copied text in the output
is covered by the same license that covers it in the source code.

The MCG program copies parts of itself into output files, therefore this
exception was created to rule out interpretation that those parts of the
output generated by the program are to be covered by GPLv3 license.

2. Exception

You have permission to use and distribute outputs generated with the MCG
program under terms of your choice, consistent with the licensing of the
inputs provided to the program. The copyright holder of the MCG program
does not claim any copyrights to outputs generated with the program.

3. Limitation of Liability

In no event the copyright holder of the MCG program, or any other party
who modifies and/or conveys the program as permitted by GPLv3 license, be
liable to you for damages, including any general, special, incidental or
consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use the
program outputs. It is your responsibility to use and/or distribute the
outputs generated by the program in accordance with license conditions of
inputs provided to the program.
